sample: Add HCI interface to DTM (#12028)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/direct_test_mode/README.rst

You can find the source code of both parts in :file:`samples/bluetooth/direct_test_mode/src`.

> The DTM sample contains a driver for a 2-wire UART interface and an experimental HCI uart interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DTM sample contains a driver for a 2-wire UART interface and an experimental HCI UART interface.
```

> The DTM sample contains a driver for a 2-wire UART interface and an experimental HCI UART interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample contains a driver for a 2-wire UART interface and an experimental HCI UART interface.
```

> Unless otherwise stated all following commands and references describe 2-wire interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless otherwise stated, all following commands and references describe the 2-wire interface.
```

> Unless otherwise stated all following commands and references describe the 2-wire interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless otherwise stated, all following commands and references describe the 2-wire interface.
```

The 2-wire driver maps two-octet commands and events to the DTM library, as specified by the Bluetooth Low Energy DTM specification.

> The HCI driver accepts HCI commands in H4 format and implements minimal set of HCI commands usually sufficient to run DTM testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HCI driver accepts HCI commands in H4 format and implements a minimal set of HCI commands usually sufficient to run DTM testing.
```

The MPU is initialized in the standard way.
The DTM library function :c:func:`dtm_init` configures all interrupts, timers, and the radio.

> The DTM sample may be extended with other interface implementations, such as an HCI interface, USB, or another interface required by the Upper Tester.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample may be extended with other interface implementations, such as an HCI interface, USB, or another interface required by the Upper Tester.
```

The extension should be done by adding an appropriate interface implementation in the :file:`transport` directory.

> The transports shall conform to the interface specified in the :file:`transport/dtm_transport.h` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The transports must conform to the interface specified in the :file:`transport/dtm_transport.h` file.
```

The :file:`dtm_uart_twowire.c` file is an implementation of the UART interface specified in the `Bluetooth Core Specification`_, Volume 6, Part F, Chapter 3.

The :file:`dtm_hci.c` and :file:`hci_uart.c` files are an implementation of the HCI UART interface specified in the `Bluetooth Core Specification`_, Volume 4, Part A (the flow control can be configured by an overlay file).

> 

Reviewer: Remove extra empty line.

The default selection of UART pins is defined in :file:`zephyr/boards/arm/board_name/board_name.dts`.
You can change the defaults using the symbols ``tx-pin`` and ``rx-pin`` in the DTS overlay file of the child image at the project level.
The overlay files for the :ref:`nrf5340_remote_shell` child image are located in the :file:`child_image/remote_shell` directory.

> The HCI interface allows for a custom `remote_hci` image to be used with |nRF5340DKnoref|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HCI interface allows for a custom ``remote_hci`` image to be used with |nRF5340DKnoref|.
```

   The Remote IPC shell sample is built and programmed automatically by default.
   If you want to program your custom solution for the application core, unset the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NCS_SAMPLE_REMOTE_SHELL_CHILD_IMAGE` Kconfig option.

Experimental HCI interface
==========================

> To build the sample with HCI interface the following command can be used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the sample with an HCI interface, use the following command:
```

   The Remote IPC shell sample is built and programmed automatically by default.
   If you want to program your custom solution for the application core, unset the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NCS_SAMPLE_REMOTE_SHELL_CHILD_IMAGE` Kconfig option.

Experimental HCI interface
==========================

To build the sample with an HCI interface, use the following command:

.. code-block:: console

>   west build samples/bluetooth/direct_test_mode -b board_name -- --DEXTRA_CONF_FILE=overlay-hci.conf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   west build samples/bluetooth/direct_test_mode -b board_name -- --DEXTRA_CONF_FILE=overlay-hci.conf
```

On the |nRF5340DKnoref| the sample with HCI interface can also be built with the `remote_hci` image using the following command:

.. code-block:: console

>   west build samples/bluetooth/direct_test_mode -b board_name -- --DEXTRA_CONF_FILE=overlay-hci-nrf53.conf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   west build samples/bluetooth/direct_test_mode -b board_name -- --DEXTRA_CONF_FILE=overlay-hci-nrf53.conf
```

.. note::
   The default bit rate of the DTM UART driver is 19200 bps, which is supported by most certified testers.

> Using 2-wire interface you must send all commands as two-byte HEX numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a 2-wire interface, you must send all commands as two-byte HEX numbers.
```
